Add documentation on support package feature (#162)
OpenCTI-Platform/docs: docs/administration/support-package.md

# Support Package

Support packages are usefull for troubleshooting issue that occurs on OpenCTI platform.
Administrators can request to create and download a support package that contains recent platform error logs and usage statistics.

Support Package can be requested from "Settings > Support" menu.

![Support package overview](./assets/support-package-overview.png)

> 1. On a click on "Generate support package" button on the top right, the support package is requested.

Reviewer: All the elements of the list have 1. as a number

Author: yes it's intended, it's a trick on markdown to not have to change number if you insert a new item in the middle

> 1. A background task on the platform gather logs and interesting data and create an archive

Reviewer: A background task on the platform **gathers** logs and interesting data and **create** an archive

Author: ```suggestion
1. A background task on the platform gathers logs and interesting data and creates an archive

```
